Today we test the speed sl of the
of course, due to its light weight
he is stopped by players
like marco reus I wish you much
fun while testing
the
there drives
God
cham
at
at the
Let's come to my conclusion
personal concluding conclusion to the
I really like the design, for example
very good and the first thing one
Of course you notice when you are in the shoe
bad is how easy he really is
Of course this is reflected in the comfort
again because you really feel very much
well
the upper is really very much
skinny what a barefoot course
to convey similar ball feeling
I felt the upper material but as
something stiff is not so important
my foot adjusted so i here
awarded three out of five points
the faction stayed with the eebus like
I train with all the other cougars
until now was allowed to come perfectly
Now we reach the critical point of the asb dsl
namely for durability
Of course, here you can see that I have one
Awarded 55 points
because after the first hours at
my test is at the side
Torn up as you could see here
Of course you want to do that with a shoe
do not expect this price range
of course you have to say that I do
really straining the shoe
However , I only have them racing
tested and not like others on
kunstrasen
Finally one can say that with the
show a mostly positive
left an impression
the basic idea behind this shoe
like
to develop very light shoes
therefore not final 7 of 10
distribute points
I thank you as always for you
watch
I hope see you next time
video skin pure people